There's a $50,000 cash prize,
a chance to exhibit at LACMA
in L.A.
"Your final assignment is
open-ended.
Paint in whatever style
you desire.
The painting must be
an expression of self."
[group gasps]
[Amaya]
It's either we leave it
with this crackhead,
or we give it to Drew.
[Drew]   Just trying to stay
away from this shit,
but this is crazy.
I need you to hold this
for a minute.
All right, bro.
Bro, they almost caught me
with this shit
at the fellowship, man.
I can't keep it on me no more.
It need to stay here.
Look, I only need a week.
Won't nobody even know
it's here.
[Arsema]   You know, they could've
kicked both of us out
if they caught you with that?
You're a fucking idiot.
Oh, yeah, first day here,
Dan comes in,
he tells some story about how
he named someone to his boss,
and then his boss got that guy
arrested, and guess what.
-You're that guy, Drew.
-[door opens]
[chuckles]
Daddy?
What? You're not gonna
give me a hug?
-[chuckles] Yeah.
-Come here, girl.
[Zayna laughs]
Oh, my goodness.
I can't believe you're here.
Wait. Did you break out?
Yeah. They-they didn't call yet,
did they?
-No.
-No, I didn't break out.
I'm free.
They granted me parole.
-I wanted to surprise you.
-Oh, it's lit!
Yeah.
-This is all you, huh?
-Yeah.
-It's beautiful.
-Are you hungry?
I know you must be tired
of all that jail food.
Um...
Ooh! I got some leftover pasta.
-[sets container down]
-Mmm.
Let me get you a fork.
[humming]
Oh, that can wait.
I'm not that hungry
after, you know...
[Anthony sighs]
So...
[sighs]
I'm so happy you're here!
Like...
-So am I.
-We should celebrate.
We should go to Kings Plaza.
Actually, I think I want you
to meet some of my friends.
Or maybe you should come
with me tonight
to my play.
-That's tonight?
-Mm-hmm.
I'm there.
-[laughs]
-Uh...
-I have to see my P.O. first.
-Okay.
I just got a new job,
and it pays really good.
Look at you.
You just got out,
and already you got a job?
It's lit, Dad.
[laughs] 'Cause Drew,
he ain't have a job
in like, what, ten years?
Yeah.
Well, you know...
that job is gonna pay
for my housing upstate.
-Upstate?
-It's gonna be great.
We'll be out of the city.
I'll get you a car.
You're gonna love it.
-Trust me.
-Um...
Well, wait. Y-You want me to...
go with you?
-Till you finish high school.
-Um...
I don't think, uh, Drew can move
yet, though, with his case.
Zayna, look, everything's
gonna be okay, all right?
I'll talk to Drew.
Everything's gonna
work itself out, I promise.
[announcer]   You are about to
witness history in the making.
[Drew]
Fuck this nigga think I am?
Yo, Blue, I swear to God.
I wanted kill that nigga Dan
right there,
but all those fucking people
was watching.
I got to do something
to this nigga.
I don't know about that, bro.
You cannot just kill
white people anymore, bro.
We ain't there yet.
If he was Black...
I mean, shit, bro,
but you got to be smart
about this one.
Man, fuck that. It's code.
That nigga got to go.
Bro, he a civilian.
He don't live by the same code.
And he probably
already called the cops again,
and you got a case.
Fuck, I'm supposed
to let the nigga walk?
I'm not saying all that.
You get the drugs
from the bike shop?
And that's
another fucking issue.
I know how I'm-a get the drugs
and those two dickheads.
Yeah. I need you
to watch the bike shop.
Shh.
Damn, man, where the fuck
that shit go?
[phone ringing]
Dr. Flowers, thanks for reaching
out. You-you got my message?
[Dr. Flowers]
I don't have time for this.
Nigga, I'm at a silent retreat.
I don't know why
you got involved
with those street niggas.
I can't protect you.
But isn't it, like, a law
that therapists have to
protect their clients
from danger
and violence
if they hear about it?
No. I have to protect people
if you say you're gonna
murder them,
like you some Mafia
-or some shit.
-Okay, well, that, uh,
that rule makes no sense.
Why would you protect a stranger
more than your own patient
who's not Mafia?
Patient? Nigga, I ain't seen
your ass in months.
Remember?
"Dr. Flowers, I'm okay.
Me and my drug friends, we
kicking it." Look what happened.
I don't sound like that.
Look, can you just warn someone
I'm gonna get killed?
Can you report it?
Can you do something?
No, I can't.
Now, if you want,
you can get this drug nigga
to become my patient,
and then he can tell me
he's gonna kill you,
and then guess what.
I'll tell somebody.
No, I... I'm sorry,
that's too many steps.
Hey, but give yourself
credit, Dan.
You don't need pills
to be a fuckup anymore.
You're a sober fuckup now.
Congratulations, nigga.
And, nigga, don't forget
to pay me, okay?
-[door opens]
-It's BallerinaBitch7@Venmo.
-[door closes]
-Yeah.
Son, what's the emergency?
-Drew wants to kill me.
-Again?
Damn.
I'm starting to think
Drew has a point.
No, he thinks I snitched
on him to the cops.
-Well, did you?
-No. It-it was more indirect.
I don't know. It was a whole
fucking thing at school.
Look, I just have to get
the fuck out of here, okay?
And I don't want to stay
with you and Mom.
I don't want to put
you guys at risk.
Oh, yeah, no,
that is not an option.
Ask Kev for help.
If he thought you was
about to die, he'd help you.
I don't think he would.
When I told him how Drew
got arrested,
he got so pissed at me.
But he has your back.
That's y'all thing.
You are two dummies,
but together you're almost like
one man who ain't dumb.
Call Kev.
No, I'm not gonna call Kev. No.
Any other ideas?
Any suggestions welcome.
Hmm.
How about we fake your death
and we fly you to Cuba?
-You'll be the white Tupac.
-The white Tupac, sure.
This fucking idea again.
No, Kareem...
-[banging on door]
-Shh. Go hide under the bed.
It's the white girl.
-Who, Sydney?
-Wait, wait, we can't open it.
She might be a hit man for Drew.
[Dan] She-She'd be a hit woman,
but she's not...
Guys, I can hear you. I'm not...
Just fucking open the door.
It's your funeral.
-Hey, Kareem.
-Hey.
Hey, Dan.
Um...
Can I come in?
I got you a cake.
-Sure.
-[sighs]
-Hold on.
-[grunts]
-Got to pat you down first.
-All right.
[indistinct chatter]
[Nancy]
Okay, we will be
starting the ceremony
to announce the winner
of the fellowship very soon,
and until then, enjoy the tunes.
Alexa, play Africa.
[African music playing]
[scoffs]
Yo, she crazy, like...
Africans don't even
listen to this shit.
I don't even know why
she playing this, man.
I'm surprised she ain't have,
like, fufu and...
injera, all that Ethiopian shit.
Arsema,
I'm sorry about
what happened, all right?
But it was a mistake,
man, everybody
makes mistakes. You can't
hold that against me forever.
Spilling milk is a mistake,
not being a drug mule.
Man, drug mule?
More like a drug veal.
Why would...?
[phone buzzing]
Yo, yo, Drew. What's good, bro?
How you living, man?
What's happening?
Nigga, stop fucking playing.
I know you know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I-I know, I know.
Um, I just wanted to let
you know, bro, like,
me and Dan, we not even
really cool like that.
Like, I don't even really know
his birthday, man.
I-I know his birthday,
but I don't know...
Tell Dan
the boys is gonna come by
that bike shop
looking for that lean.
Why-why would they, um...
why would they do that?
Ain't that your shit?
Nah, I think it's Kareem's.
Now, you don't want that nigga
to get in trouble now, do you?
And ain't your DNA
all over that bag?
Yeah, nigga,
don't do nothing stupid,
or all three of y'all
getting jammed.
So turn off   The Lion King
and go make something happen.
Yo, Kev, you heard me?
Yeah, yeah, I heard you, bro.
I heard you.
Where you going?
I don't know,
but Drew is not happy with me,
so I might miss a meeting
or two, if you can relay that.
I'm so sorry I told
Drew your secret.
Why are you saying my "secret"?
This isn't like a crush
you have in middle school.
Sydney, he might kill me.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
I don't know what to do
with a sorry.
You don't have to do anything
with it. I just...
It's just there, and...
-Okay.
-So...
Dan,
thank you for, you know.
Okay. I should go.
Hey, look, I'm-I'm sorry
I talked to your sponsor
about you using.
I should have just kept
my side of the street clean.
No, I mean...
I was mad, but...
at least you cared.
Lot of good that did.
Well, it did help.
I'm sober again.
Congrats.
Thanks, Dan.
How have you been,
through all this?
Been able to stay clean?
Uh, yeah, weirdly. I mean...
it, like, sucks
to not have pills
through really anything.
Yeah.
-It sucks.
-But I guess...
if you get through it,
it's more...
rewarding?
[sighs] I don't know.
I think it's cool.
I'm proud of you.
That's big.
I'm lucky to have people
who give a shit, you know,
like him or...
You, you're okay?
Yeah. I'm okay?
You're not great,
if I'm being honest.
-No, I am not great, Dan.
-I'm not great either,
but you're-you're
really not great.
No, no, I don't,
I don't even need "good."
Okay is...
God, I will take that,
and happily.
You know what would be great,
though, is Xanax.
Especially today.
-Right?
-Prime day for Xanax.
I m-may be dying?
-May be dying. Yeah.
-Wouldn't it be great?
To just kick back and be killed.
[Sydney]
Don't die.
Okay.
I've come to the conclusion
that this cake
is clean.
[Sydney]
That's not clean.
Bon appétit.
[Fela Kuti's "Zombie" playing]
One more time, everybody
- Attention
-[whistling]
All right.
I will now announce the winner
of the $50,000 prize
and trip to Los Angeles...
Kevin.
Oh! I told you niggas
this was gonna happen.
I told you, nigga,
follow your dreams, nigga.
Anything is possible.
Anything is possible!
Your baby hairs can't save you.
Your titties can't save you.
Your hairline
can't save you, nigga.
The waves can't save you.
It takes talent.
It takes talent and prayer.
Romans chapter five,
verse three says...
-[Nancy] Can you dim the lights?
-Huh?
Kevin, can you dim the lights?
My bad.
[Nancy]
Turn on Nancy's spotlight.
My bad, my bad.
I'm sorry, shorty.
We in this together, guys.
What the fuck?
Is that her daughter?
[Nancy]
And...
the first prize goes to...
-[envelope rips]
-[Nancy clears throat, gasps]
Rachel Canowicakte!
-[laughs]
-What?
-Who the fuck is that?
-[Nancy] Congratulations
on winning No Negro
Left Behind.
Is she even Black?
Rachel's 1/18 Black.
Man, if you don't get
this Elizabeth Warren
looking-ass bitch
out my fucking face.
Word? 1/18, that's it?
Bro, nah, this shit don't make
no sense, fam.
What the fuck? Nah, bro.
I had to watch
The Five Heartbeats
with this bitch six times.
She still think
them niggas is real people.
Are you serious right now?
Bro, if you wasn't
gonna give it to me,
you should've at least gave it
to somebody like Arsema.
She actually talented
and actually Black.
-What the fuck? Mm, I can't.
-[Nancy] Wha...
Where are you going? You...
We haven't even finished
announcing the winners yet.
Yo, y'all better
than what this goofy-ass
white lady think of you.
You do not need this shit.
I promise you that.
Like, look at her.
You look dumb.
Wipe that fucking paint
off your face.
This is not
The Hunger Games,   bitch.
You look crazy.
Nah, bro, let me get the fuck
out of here before I...
I'm about to kill myself.
I got to die
-today.
-[door closes]
All right, well,
that's one person's opinion.
So... the second prize
goes to...
Kevin, but
he's gonna kill himself,
so who should we give
that dead man's prize to?
[humming]
Arsema.
-Yay.
-Oh, my...
-[applause]
-Oh, thank you.
Thank you, sweetie, thank...
Are you, are you okay?
Are you sure?
[knock on door]
[sighs]
Nah, get the fuck out of here.
This sneaky-ass...
Is it really you? You here?
Yeah, it's really me. I'm here.
Nah, nigga, they had
to clone you or something.
-Ew, you wash your hands, man?
-[laughs]
This nigga Houdini.
-[sighs]
-[chuckles]
Fuck out of here. Damn.
Now, why you ain't say nothing?
I would've had
the whole day
planned out for you.
Nah, I'm just trying
to take it easy, feel me?
Easy? On my son first day out?
You sound crazy. We got
to get you around some bitches.
You know I got a daughter
to raise, right?
My bad, I'm buggin'.
Let's go see Zayna.
I already saw her.
You did?
Yeah, man. I just came to say
thank you for what you did
for her, you know?
Say less, bro. We family.
You ain't got
to thank me for that.
Matter of fact, though,
let me get you some of my shoes
'cause them Phat Farms
is giving me déjà vu.
You weren't even wearing that
when you went in.
Yeah, I'm moving away
from here, bro.
-Say what now?
-Yeah, man,
I'm moving upstate.
My cellie hooked me up
with a job.
I made the call,
got an offer. [sighs]
Now I'm getting out of here,
and I want Zayna
to come with me.
Damn.
You deadass?
Yeah, man, it's what
me and Zay need right now.
I mean, Zayna, is she with it?
She will be.
No, she won't.
That girl won't go see
her dentist 'cause he
all the way out in Long Island.
Then you think you trying
to take her to
Buffalo or wherever you going.
Ant, I'm telling you,
you don't know that girl
like I do.
And whose fault is that, man?
I mean, I ain't mean it
like that, bro.
Look, I asked you
to raise my daughter,
and you sold drugs around her.
You don't get to tell me
what she needs
and what she don't need.
Man, you knew what I was doing
when you asked me
to take care of her.
Yeah, but you ain't have to do
that shit in front of her!
I didn't want her exposed
to all that shit!
Ant, you ain't got to punish
the girl because of how I live.
You think you get to choose
who gets caught up
in the consequences
of your actions?
Did I get a choice?
Look, bro, I ain't trying
to beef with you.
I was just letting you know
what's happening, all right?
[scoffs]
Good looking, I'll take these.
Be easy, man.
[door opens]
[door slams shut]
-[object clatters]
-Shit.
[typing on phone]
[cell phone whooshes]
Kevin, that was the funniest
shit I've ever seen.
Bro, that bitch
is crazy as fuck, man.
I'm mad I actually thought
I could win that shit.
Well, you won second place.
[clicks tongue] See,
I wasted so much fucking time.
I knew I should've just stayed
my Black ass at home.
Why'd I even come back
to this fucking city?
Why? 'Cause you didn't win?
-Yes.
-Yo,
racism aside, this program
turned you into
a way better artist.
Like, you got so,
so much better,
like, way better.
I don't know what you was doing
on that canvas when you first,
-like...
-Okay, thank you.
I said you got better.
[laughing]
[chuckles]
All right, thank you, I get it.
Thanks, um, thanks for saying
what you said
about me back there.
-It's nothing. I fuck with you.
-No.
Nah, it was, um...
The way I was treating you
wasn't cool,
and you didn't have to say that,
and I appreciate it.
Oh, my God. I can't stand you.
-[sniffles]
-Look...
You wild. [laughs]
[door swings shut]
I knew she was white.
Look at them.
He about to call his slave.
Good news,
I pulled some strings,
and you can go stay with your
cousin Tremaine in Macon.
You keep calling Tremaine
my cousin. He's your cousin.
Your cousin
doesn't have a couch,
but he has a chair
you can sleep on,
and you can kick your feet up
on the coffee table.
Okay. All right, I'll take it.
Thank you, Kareem.
Um, all right, can we go now?
Just 'cause if you're
not gonna drive me,
I just have to take
the train to the bus.
-What kind of ungrateful...?
-[phone buzzing]
I just saved your life,
got you a place to stay.
-Yo. Thank you.
-I can't believe this.
[Kevin]   Bro, Drew told me
that he gonna tell the cops
that them Kareem drugs
in the bike shop.
But they're not.
No one's gonna believe that.
It'll be Drew's word
against Kareem's.
You got to tell Kareem.
Maybe... I think...
Maybe the less he knows,
the better.
Man, so-so what you want to do?
Look, I caused this shit
in the first place.
If all Drew has over me
is the drugs in the shop,
then I just get them out
of the shop.
All right, bet, let's go
grab them, and then we'll talk
to Drew about this shit later.
Wait, "we"? I mean...
you don't have to come.
Nah, if I ain't take 'em
from him,
then we wouldn't even be
in this situation right now.
Okay, um, well, thanks, man.
-I-I appreciate it.
-Yeah. All right.
-Yo, Kareem?
-Yeah.
-Hey.
-Um, I got to head to the bank.
Whoa, you're not gonna cash
them bike shop checks, are you?
'Cause I need
a little more time.
No, you also owe me,
like, five checks.
-I don't have checks to cash.
-Oh, yeah, yeah, that's...
that's what I need.
I said I need five more weeks.
-To give me the checks?
-If you...
And then five to cash them
after you give them to me?
Yeah, that equals ten.
-All right. Thank you, son.
-[door closes]
Yo, Zay, your designs
are gonna kill tonight, bro.
A bitch look like Nefertiti.
Bro, you hear what I said?
Everyone's gonna love your work.
This is what you wanted, right?
Yeah, I'm sorry. My mind
is just all over the place.
What's wrong?
My dad came by this morning.
He did?
Oh, well, bro, what you sad for?
Shit, I wish my father
would come home,
and that nigga live
in my building.
-Yeah, you right.
-[chuckles]
-Yo, Zay.
-[gasps]
Just wanted to give you your
flowers before anyone else did.
Thank you.
Talk to your pops?
Yeah, he surprised me
this morning.
That's Ant. You know how he is.
Actually, I don't.
You going with him?
-I don't know.
-I hear that.
I was thinking about
what your father said,
and he's right.
You shouldn't have been raised
around all this shit.
Drew, you don't
got to apologize.
But I do, though.
Took your family away from you.
You deserve better.
Nah, you my family, too, like,
that's why I want to stay here,
but I also want to get to know
my father, so...
You ain't got to say
nothing else.
Regardless to what happens,
-I'm-a make sure y'all straight.
-[phone chimes]
Fuck. Shit.
What's going on?
Nothing.
Don't worry about it.
I got to go.
See you later.
Zay, you coming?
Yeah, I just need to call
my pops real quick.
-[gunshot]
-[thud]
-[gun cocks]
-[Sheriff McClelland]   Good shot.
Okay, he's dead,
let's go get him.
That's another one for the fire.
[alarm blaring]
Yo, hurry up and turn that shit
off before somebody come in.
I don't know the code.
Fucking changes it every week.
Do you know it?
No, but just figure
that shit out.
-Damn.
-My mom's birthday maybe?
No.
Bro, hurry up.
Anniversary? Oh, great.
-Got it, got it.
-[alarm stops]
9-8-7-0.
Latrell Sprewell's birthday.
-[entry bell jingles]
-Hey, yo, Thelma and Louise.
-Yo, oh, shit.
-Oh, shit.
Fuck is you doing?
I can see you.
I-I was just making sure this,
uh, bike's ready to go.
It-It's yours.
Would you like it?
Oh, you was?
Yo, yo, we was... I was about
to bring this right to you, man.
Oh, yeah? Why you ain't call?
'Cause I-I lost my phone.
He-he lost his phone.
That's true.
[phone buzzing]
Oh... I found it.
You niggas, man.
Drew, I didn't call the cops.
I told Principal Douglass
you confronted me
on school grounds.
Then he called the cops.
So I didn't snitch in the
classic sense of the word.
What the fuck is
you talking about, bro?
I'm just giving him
the full story.
-Snitching is snitching.
-It's nuanced.
I just want to talk.
Yo, yo, yo, Drew, man,
if you kill him,
you got to kill me, too.
-Say less.
-Damn, that's not fair.
All them times that
Dan helped Zayna
get the good grades,
you're just gonna kill us?
And remember when
Kevin left work
to try to help you find Zayna?
And then, and then,
and then Zayna
would've got caught
with the drugs at school
if it wasn't for him.
Hey, Kev gave you
free food for a year.
He's always protected you,
even when I didn't
think he should.
And, man, Dan snitched on you.
Fuck. My bad, I forgot the...
-what we was doing.
-Man, I'm about
to fuck y'all niggas up
real bad.
Yo, Drew, just take
the drugs, man.
You don't need another body
on your hands.
Fuck you know what I need,
nigga?
You deadass, Drew?
What the fuck is you doing here?
Trying to keep you
from doing something stupid.
Fuck is this? A intervention?
You call Mom?
Auntie Eve outside, nigga?
Zay told me you were down here
doing some dumbass shit.
Yo, y'all got to get
the fuck up out of here.
We would actually love it
if you stayed.
[Anthony]
Word, son?
Twelve motherfucking years,
Drew,
and you still doing
the same dumb shit
that got me locked up.
You ain't changed one bit, bro.
I ain't change?
This nigga snitched on me,
and I ain't kill him yet.
That's change.
Uh, I appreciate that, Drew.
It's cool...
-Shut the fuck up.
-Okay.
[Zayna]
Yo, you promised me
-you'd stop.
-[Drew] Yeah,
and I promised I'd take care
of you and your pops.
I don't need you
to take care of me.
Look, I got a job upstate.
I'm good.
Man, nigga, they gonna fire you
as soon as a hammer go missing.
Yeah, but it's much better
than this.
The fuck is you talking about?
You know how much bread
this is worth?
What other choice I got?
You've got a million
other choices.
You just don't want
to take 'em.
Fuck.
Yo, I'm-a have this boy
Zayna fuck with, Desmond,
come by, pick this shit up.
It's his shit anyway.
Could he,
could he come tomorrow?
Just 'cause we're closed.
-[Kevin] I got you, I got you.
-[Dan] Yup. Sorry.
-Come on, baby.
-[sighs]
-[entry bell jingles]
-Nah, matter of fact.
Man, calm
y'all scary asses down.
What, nigga?
Can't be broke out here
on Juneteenth.
Martin and Malcolm
would not approve of that.
You know that, Kev.
[entry bell jingles]
Yeah.
[Anthony]
So, what are you thinking?
Ah, I'm thinking I should go
back and get that bag.
Aw, man.
Man, what?
There's a gallon of Actavis
in there. You crazy?
Hope you know you paying
for this little din-din.
Just want to let you know
I'm proud of you, all right?
I know that wasn't easy for you.
You right, it wasn't.
I was already on my way out,
but I just wanted that last one.
You wanted that last one
for the last 20 years, brother.
Word.
-[laughs] Bet.
-Hey, baby.
So, what'd your friend
say about your show?
Yo, Amaya said that
everyone loved my crowns.
So much so, this
crazy-ass white woman,
she came up and bought
all of them...
-Yeah?
-...after curtain call.
See? That's what
I'm talking about, Zay.
-[Zayna laughs]
-Young CEO on the rise.
[Zayna]
Big purr!
Just let me know
when you need a bodyguard.
-Oh, my God, whatever.
-Cheers to niecey-poo.
-Cheers.
-Um...
Yo, Dad, I've been
thinking a lot about
what we were talking
about earlier today.
I'm-a go to the bathroom
real quick.
Nah, Drew, you can stay.
Look, on the real,
I love y'all both.
For real, for real.
Love you.
But I feel like it's time
for me to start choosing myself.
Brooklyn is my home.
My friends are here,
my business is here.
It's where I belong.
I know Drew ain't perfect,
but he always
keeps it a buck with me,
and he always puts me first,
which is annoying, 'cause
he be dragging it. [chuckles]
And, Dad, I know that you
be worrying and stuff like that,
but you don't have to.
I'm-a be okay.
I trust you.
And I trust Drew, well,
to a degree.
And, look,
if you want to stay, then stay,
and we can be a family
together here.
Wait, wait, we?
[Zayna]
What about your job?
[Anthony]
I'll figure all that out later.
You for real?
You gonna stay here, Daddy?
I'm fucking so for real.
-[laughing]
-Look, I just got out,
I just got home. I'm not gonna
leave my baby girl again,
especially with this psycho.
I'm happy you staying, bro.
I really am.
But what's them crowns
hitting for again?
Aw, yeah, you could work for me.
Oh...
Here we go.
-[Drew]   So that's how you feel.
-[Zayna]   Shut up.
[Dan]   You think the kid'll be
okay with all those drugs?
Uh, statistically, no.
When'd you get a bike?
Oh, um,
Kareem gave it to me
in-instead of
giving me
my last five paychecks.
There's no brakes on it,
so I got to walk it
everywhere, though.
Thanks for sticking up
for me with Drew.
Ah, it's cool.
All right. Um...
Do you want to get food?
I got to head to the school,
but I got some time.
I already ate.
Well, if you want to sit
and watch me eat...
"I Love You (Sweetheart of All
My Dreams)" by Thelonious Monk